README.md, before:

# AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia

Provides way to asynchronous bitmap loading for Avalonia Image control.  
Features:
- Supports urls and downloading from web
- Asynchronous loading
- Integrated inmemory cache
- Integrated disk cache
- Easy to implement your own way of images loading and caching

## Getting started

1. Install `AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia` [nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/)
```
dotnet add package AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia
```
2. Start using

## Using

The only thing you need to do in your xaml is to replace the `Source` property in `Image` with `ImageLoader.Source`.  
For example, your old code:  
```xaml
<Image Source="https://mycoolwebsite.io/image.jpg" />
``` 
Should turn into:
```xaml
<Image asyncImageLoader:ImageLoader.Source="https://mycoolwebsite.io/image.jpg" />
```
Note: The first time you will need to import the AsyncImageLoader namespace to your xaml file. Usually your IDE should [suggest it automatically](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29896317/140953397-00028365-5b93-4e6c-b470-094a555870c8.png). The root element in the file will be [like this](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia.Demo/Views/MainWindow.axaml#L6):
```xaml
<Window ...
        xmlns:asyncImageLoader="clr-namespace:AsyncImageLoader;assembly=AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia"
        ...>
   <!-- Your root element content -->
```

## Loaders
ImageLoader will use instance of [IImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/IAsyncImageLoader.cs) for serving your requests.  
You can change the loader used by setting new one to the [ImageLoader.AsyncImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/ImageLoader.cs#L10) property. Do not forget to Dispose previous loader.  
There are several loaders available out of the box: 
- [BaseWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/BaseCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - Provides non cached way to asynchronously load images without caching. Can be used as base class for custom loaders you dont want caching in any way.
- [RamCachedWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/RamCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - This is inheritor if BaseWebImageLoader with in memory images caching. Can be used as base class for custom loaders you want only inmemory caching.
- [DiskCachedWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/DiskCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - This is inheritor if RamCachedWebImageLoader with in memory caching and disk caching for downloaded from the internet images. Can be used as base class for custom loaders if you want disk caching out of the box.

`RamCachedWebImageLoader` are used by default.

Commit message:

Add IsLoading read-only property

README.md, after:

# AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia

Provides way to asynchronous bitmap loading for Avalonia Image control.  
Features:
- Supports urls and downloading from web
- Asynchronous loading
- Integrated inmemory cache
- Integrated disk cache
- Easy to implement your own way of images loading and caching

## Getting started

1. Install `AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia` [nuget package](https://www.nuget.org/packages/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/)
```
dotnet add package AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia
```
2. Start using

## Using

The only thing you need to do in your xaml is to replace the `Source` property in `Image` with `ImageLoader.Source`.  
For example, your old code:  
```xaml
<Image Source="https://mycoolwebsite.io/image.jpg" />
``` 
Should turn into:
```xaml
<Image asyncImageLoader:ImageLoader.Source="https://mycoolwebsite.io/image.jpg" />
```
Also you can use `ImageLoader.IsLoading` readonly attached property that indicates whether the load is in progress or not.  

Note: The first time you will need to import the AsyncImageLoader namespace to your xaml file. Usually your IDE should [suggest it automatically](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29896317/140953397-00028365-5b93-4e6c-b470-094a555870c8.png). The root element in the file will be [like this](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia.Demo/Views/MainWindow.axaml#L6):
```xaml
<Window ...
        xmlns:asyncImageLoader="clr-namespace:AsyncImageLoader;assembly=AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia"
        ...>
   <!-- Your root element content -->
```

## Loaders
ImageLoader will use instance of [IImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/IAsyncImageLoader.cs) for serving your requests.  
You can change the loader used by setting new one to the [ImageLoader.AsyncImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/ImageLoader.cs#L10) property. Do not forget to Dispose previous loader.  
There are several loaders available out of the box: 
- [BaseWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/BaseCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - Provides non cached way to asynchronously load images without caching. Can be used as base class for custom loaders you dont want caching in any way.
- [RamCachedWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/RamCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - This is inheritor if BaseWebImageLoader with in memory images caching. Can be used as base class for custom loaders you want only inmemory caching.
- [DiskCachedWebImageLoader](https://github.com/AvaloniaUtils/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/blob/master/AsyncImageLoader.Avalonia/Loaders/DiskCachedWebImageLoader.cs) - This is inheritor if RamCachedWebImageLoader with in memory caching and disk caching for downloaded from the internet images. Can be used as base class for custom loaders if you want disk caching out of the box.

`RamCachedWebImageLoader` are used by default.
